Hi, I'm Barron [inaudible] and I'm excited to be here with you to teach you about CI/CD,
and all the amazing things that come with it.
I got an early start with computers.
When I was a kid, my parents brought home a Commodore 64,
our first computer and video game system.
The modern equivalent would be if dad brought home a new model of a PlayStation,
except that the C64 was more than just a video game console.
It had the basic programming language,
and came with a thick spiral bound book that taught the language.
As soon as I could read,
I started devouring that book and getting every bit of knowledge I could.
My best friend had an Apple computer,
and we spent every weekend experimenting,
programming, printing code, refactoring,
and building tons of useless games.
Well, not so useless,
considering we're both still programmers and have
both built pretty good careers on our weekend playtime.
Through the years, I've managed to keep up with the changes in
technology by trying to do my best to stay ahead of them.
This usually makes me a bit of an early adopter.
I don't typically mind the experimental nature of frameworks,
and languages, and libraries,
as long as I can eventually understand what's going on.
Until I discovered the concept of build and deployment automation,
I did what everybody else did.
I compiled locally, made a zip file,
uploaded it to some FTP server,
logged into the server,
unzipped it and configure the server.
Funny. Now that I think of it,
that was one of the less complicated scenarios.
Then IDEs like Eclipse and Visual Studio came along and tried their best
to abstract as programmers away from all the mess with publishing features.
But it was still pretty much
the worst deployment experience I can imagine. But it was all we knew.
I was an early adopter of continuous integration when JetBrains,
one of my favorite companies in the world,
came out with TeamCity in 2006.
TeamCity is still one of the most popular commercial continuous integration servers.
It transformed the team I was working on in ways that I and my teammates didn't expect.
We were all so frustrated with one another.
We were stepping on each other's work,
leaving broken test, the compile errors everywhere,
pushing deploy responsibility just off to one soul,
while the rest of us had nice weekends.
When we introduced CI to the mix,
we started to act as a team.
It's crazy how one piece of software can calm such as savage beast,
as a raging team of software developers at each other's throats.
Since those days, I've seen this story repeat several times,
and the rest of the world has caught up as you can tell.
Nowadays, it's very odd to find a development team who
doesn't have a build server to unify them, enforce transparency.
Speaking for me, and my clients, and my teams,
we don't write a single line of code until there is a CI server in place.
With so many choices and so many advances to make things simpler,
there are no excuses.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6